so I would ask you how much did vegan as
a matter veganism as an idea or veganism
as a movement to us getting together to
us meeting each other are you choosing
me or why you're living with me now in
the middle of nowhere in China we
rejected Myanmar like you know on a
scale of one to ten how much does
veganism have to do with it I think I
would say it has a lot to do it do with
it because I first saw your video on the
vegan subreddit yeah it was um why
protests won't change the world and what
were a bunch of people saying that I was
a scumbag in the comments or anything or
no it was it like really negative
comments no there were hardly any
comments it was like on the second or
third page because obviously like the
first page is always about food oh oh I
see okay right so but it was actually
video of me talking about the relative
ineffectiveness of Street protesters
yeah that's your honor okay cool I
didn't actually know that because that
was the first you mentioned discovering
my channel but I didn't know that was
the the hook for your first year for his
video yeah but then of course you know
my first email to you is about the rap
music in your videos so that played a
role yeah she sent me a 100% respectable
email with nothing flirtatious about it
but I still picked up on the vibe there
was this sub-basement of animal
attraction somehow visible through the
foundations of respectable discourse or
not on what rap music did you listen to
yeah yeah the fact that I was me again
that's I always tell people to keep it
real on YouTube my including rap music
and my videos and talking about my life
is just part of keeping it real for me
yeah but I like for me I've got I've got
to tell you I don't like think of this
relationship as being for the movement
or something like I don't think I'm
dating you for the future of the movie
which is conceivable you can imagine
being in that kind of relationship maybe
in that kind of movement he is a barely
exists as a movement in 2013 oh you know
I'm dating the president's our CEO of
peda or something and do you know do you
ever the movers I could imagine somebody
somebody is that's tuition
right yeah but yeah from my perspective
it's not it's not that force usually I
like how do you I don't know I'm like
okay I'll say this I think back when you
were selling this to your parents when
you were explaining your parents because
your parents were just freaked out by
you moving to China period yeah yeah I'm
you know they were slightly freaked out
by me in particular but if it had been
some other guy in China they still would
have been freaked out you know what I
mean
see III do think in terms of how you put
explain to your parents you know the
movement in veganism that was a big part
of it from your respect for the time
yeah but I also told them how much I
admired that you would learn so many
languages and you really cared about
ethnic minorities and that kind of thing
these yesterday whether there were other
kind of ethical and political elements
to it mm-hmm
yeah that's really we have a running gag
in this relationship here in China
because we keep going to the market we
keep going to different public places
where they're just hanging carcasses of
animals weathers you know half a pig or
a whole pig or pieces of animal yeah
running Garrigan one about one of the
other s wholesale you know I just I just
don't know if I can stay vegan with this
you know enticing sight of like chopped
up chicken feet or you know like a whole
pigs decapitated head yeah just an
entire liver yeah ugh the smell of the
blood and everything yeah you're not
you're not far removed from it here but
yes I mean it's it's a funny thing like
you know in some ways China and Chinese
the language is a positive connection to
veganism that English doesn't have and
German doesn't have and everything else
and in some ways we really feel like an
island of two people here you know we be
tight together anyway but we're bound
even more together because were we're
vegan in a in a sea of meat eaters and
all that right yeah yeah for sure you
have like five options maybe right oh we
go out yeah yeah but I guess I mean that
would be true if we were like in Detroit
I mean for everyone but if you're to
vegans dating in Detroit in the same
sense you have this feeling of being
part of a smaller world
in Detroit right yeah for sure yeah yeah
so in that sense I guess it does kind of
sheet the relationship like in terms of
the dating problem we never really dated
this was super high commitment like from
the moment you got the airplane which
I'm totally fine with coming up anytime
well it's not like it's like when you
were here as I were going out on dates
like you were thinking in your head will
I or was this guy it was already like
way way past that point
but yeah still yeah in that sense
veganism shapes our daily lives and how
we spend time together you know that
stuff right yeah yeah right yeah that's
true yeah veganism does shape the the
media I consumed with the one big
exception being Game of Thrones Song of
Ice and Fire or that kind of thing well
yeah yeah obviously it doesn't for most
people hmm so yeah I guess the moral of
the story is that you never would have
found me or met me or fall in love with
me if it wasn't for veganism but it
doesn't feel day-to-day like mechanisms
the reason why or with me or no yeah I
got other I got other redeeming
qualities he does